congratulations on your new Howard
Miller floor clock you have a lot to
look forward to but first take a look at
this short video that will show you how
easy it is to set up your clock ready
let's begin things a pendulum a box
containing your weights door key and
winding crank and a finial if you have
one along with your owners instruction
manual set these aside for now we'll get
back to them in a minute now let's
continue unpacking your clock at the top
of the box and above your clock you'll
find a box that contains your finial if
you have one and your owners instruction
manual you then remove the packing
collars and locate the box marked
pendulum set that aside now remove the
clock from a carton and discard the
plastic bag that was protecting it at
the bottom of the shipping carton you'll
find a box that contains your weights
your door key and the winding crank
adjust the leveling feet so the clock
has additional stability now we're ready
to set up the clock for cable driven
side access clocks first open the door
then you'll have access to the clips
that secure the side access panels
release the clip so that you can then
remove the panel you'll notice three
styrofoam blocks just leave those and
allow the clock to run for about 24
hours remove the cardboard that protects
the chime hammers then reach in and
remove the foam pads that protect the
hammers and chime rods now we're ready
to open the boxes that we had you set
aside earlier remove the pendulum and
then carefully hang it on the pendulum
guide and now for the box containing the
weights open the box and you will find
three weights each clearly marked left
center and right facing the clock hang
the weights in each of the positions for
which they are marked just a reminder
don't remove the three styrofoam blocks
until the clock has run at least 24
hours now you're ready to start your
clock set the clock by moving the
minute-hand counterclockwise
then give the pendulum a gentle but big
swing and don't be alarmed if it gently
bumps into the glass the clock needs to
be level so use the for leveling feet
that you'll find at the bottom of the
clock you'll want to consult your owners
manual for specific instructions on how
to adjust your clocks timekeeping
accuracy as well as information and how
to accurately set the moon dial and
that's all there is to it if you still
have questions it's easy to find the
answers consult the owners manual call
the retailer where you bought the clock
or visit Howard Miller comm and read
through our frequently asked questions
congratulations you successfully set up
your new clock and we know that you'll
enjoy it for many generations to come
you